great
weekend we start with a pleasant and expected
in early November, the Russians will get
small vacation rehearsal before new
year
associated with national unity day 1 and
2 weekend saturday and sunday
November 3, postponed day off from 24
February
November 4, National Unity Day
rest the projector well such a phone from
modules you can assemble the camera to change
there are other buttons
or a bigger crane here google plans
open a store of such parts will be
release and call others all this
will look like google play
the place where you toys rocked on
the phone will be cool
The phone started to slow down added
operatives or graphics card more serious
stuck google google laid out on the net
pictures of their data centers where
everything is stored and the scale and design
amazes zamorochilis painted all in
different colors no wonder they wanted
brag even have great color
remind google the largest in the world
search engine processes 41
billion searches per month if
that with bitterness in my voice I have to
report that nokia brand will soon cease
microsoft announced its existence
that will give up the brand
But this was my first phone remember
how we opened the bottle with him
soda
fought off the villains in the park and
punching a doorway in a new apartment
here it was the phone is not like now
afraid to bend the whole thing phone
he then also called on
on for memorializing a video of Yes Yes
extraterrestrial dudes flew on their
ships near the ISS at work
Our guys do not give experts
comments but on a speck of dust
camcorder or black is not much like yes
as we know alien ships at all
other form
maybe it's space junk or
what other earth spaceship
Do so little we are living in the future
We hope that they will be friendly and
docile and will not do filth
Gadget from ISS unscrew or something
similar on it all with you was jack
woman beat boots
a bunch of bye